Euro
their goals
Norbert Winter
I welcome you here if married or Wacker and Schott perfectly her grandfather
to record outside
I think that I was a teacher and picked up
extremely stored Montezemolo the Todt
and I will not do that anymore on the floor
stay and demanded encores
and
we have to be so beautiful in the scenery
but maybe I want to have someday
yes I have 16 15th of all Acker shares Ostermann forum
the accused had two days at place to place in bag Osterglocken 170 percent
under 70 thumbs up or 170 suffering
the desired become that their fundamental right true yet again correctly
everyone expressed his joy about the 1 0
the one in the US Store ended very well
The work this morning was going relatively well
or the weather is okay too
I am now one
I have a lot to look for the next days
and that we ran in Germany Skype to Beckmann against 4 then matching wine
Having a birthday party sometimes really extreme would have been great
Blanc is very cool
unnoticed and I say
I wish you a nice weekend at this time for the
Integrate software
otherwise it was on
but doing a little bit of action during their prototypes even though we have a lot anyway
there is snow
the porsches and in the snow
but I do not think Critical has to be auctioned on such days
and this circumstance will be combined to make but also Norman transport routes
and also in Stewwert us, of course
Unna
Islamabad is closing a nice weekend
certainly not the backdrop here
only is won as patron
and I've got that outside already
a transcript that you guys
one views from my terrace
with smaller frames the sunshine wonderful
if that's not a horny outlook percent I think people all do it
well enough the weekend enough job